What I put on the slim body is a multi-eco-friendly talent
Digital full color MFP imagio mp c 201
Hmm
Hello navigator is the temple contents machine
Today I would like to introduce you to the appeal of Ricoh imagio mpc 201.
I would like
The keyword is here
Let's introduce the order from the top immediately
Easy friendly friendly and condensed wisdom and ingenuity
Large-sized full-color touch panel is the first to catch an eye
We adopt high definition liquid crystal of 8.5 inches of color tft 384,000 pixels and operate screen
Achieves high visibility of
In addition, even those who are not familiar with it can easily use basic performance
Equipped with simple screen function
Basic functions are simply summarized by simply pressing this simple screen button
It switches to the more easy to see simple screen
by Performers by Speed ​​Image Quality
It was stuck in a function
Reproduce a color original with two consecutive presidents of black and red
Equipped with a two-color copy function Because it is counted as a mono-color charge and with a low learning cost
It is possible to make it easy to see
In addition, monochrome 6.3 seconds
9.2 seconds full
Fast first copy time is also one of the big attraction to more than
You can reduce the conventional anxiety of waiting for you to copy only one
Maruchi Bar action fax safer number
Fax and stores the received fax you realize the person does not rain during the furniture in the main body of the hard disk
As thumbnails of stored received documents can be displayed
Paper saving is possible
Also up of the work law also possible so you can fax sent directly from a personal computer with a simple operation
Image degradation is also minimized
Network Puringa
File painter featured color-capable printer language how to shepherd spread
Advanced graphics processing with rpcs
22 high-speed output is possible every minute regardless of full or monochrome data
Just print jobs using the imagio simple print of Occhi
Once stored in the MFP, you can check the contents on the MFP screen and print
Since print jobs are automatically divided and accumulated in each user's PO box, it takes time for management
Without putting
lisp
We can prevent misunderstanding and mixing and leaving of paper and printed matter
The Network Scalagar office documents can be converted into electronic documents .
To scan, such as application business card input support software and business cards or to be returned to excel, etc.
It can be linked with management software
It is possible to reuse the character information and layout information in that data to document creation and physiology of
It leads to efficiency
Security
It bowed confidence before the office kept the information flowing out risk
Document reading by copy scanner Remaining of hdd by output from PC etc.
Standard function equipped with function to overwrite data and user data
Moving waste or the like of the sequential addition of erasing imagio mp c 201 to
Sutera baby can also overwrite in bulk
The long-standing academic skills extend the possibilities of multi-function machines
It is worn-out your multifunction machine from your computer and up Too Me
It is a completely new widget type application
Print and scan dedicated widget Download from web when multifunction machine
But you can use it with your preferred settings
option
Expandable according to various needs
Including the expansion pause table to reduce the time of pause
Document feeder for automatic document feeding
Inner finisher that enables space-saving and speedy post-processing
imagio mp c 201 adds various functions according to the content and size of business
Now the possible options and variety in available
So Ecology
We save costs and consider the environment
New warm-up technology is reduced by new technology " Kyuto " to reduce power consumption at startup
In addition, by shortening the return time from the sleep mode, it is possible to shift to the quick state
This reduces standard power consumption
Of course basic performance as a multifunction machine such as speed and speed and higetsu is of course office and the earth
Energy saving & eco performance
This product has been further refined the security functions demanded by the times
imagio mp c 201
Inquiry about this product is 097
Large 331196
0975331196
Up to 5 tatami
Hmm
Office work from tomorrow with slim & stylish body equivalent to monochrome MFP
Why don't you try to shape up lightly
Hmm